add retry interval (base_interval, max_interval) (#4)
yokawasa/istio-sandbox: README.md

[2020-11-23T10:52:12.711Z] "GET /delay/15 HTTP/1.1" 0 DC "-" "-" 0 0 1999 - "-" "curl/7.35.0" "fc786864-ce72-4eae-9e20-9d9df1ac26ac" "httpbin.testns1.svc.cluster.local" "127.0.0.1:80" inbound|8000|http|httpbin.testns1.svc.cluster.local 127.0.0.1:45190 192.168.94.99:80 192.168.64.239:55220 outbound_.8000_.v1_.httpbin.testns1.svc.cluster.local default
```

#### retries (baseInterval and maxInterval)
The retry interval can be controlled by setting envoyfilter.

> In the following configuration, base_interval is set to 4S and max_interval is set to 5s.

Reviewer: In the following configuration, base_interval is set to 4s and max_interval is set to 5s.

> In the following configuration, base_interval is set to 4S and max_interval is set to 5s.

Reviewer 2: It seems to be the type. Please fix it.
```suggestion
In the following configuration, base_interval is set to 4s and max_interval is set to 5s.
```

Author: @hiroyuki-kamei 
Fixed.

```yaml
# kubectl apply -f manifests/envoyfilter-retries-interval.yaml -n testns1

apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: EnvoyFilter
metadata:
  name: retry-interval
spec:
  workloadSelector:
    labels:
      app: sleep
  configPatches:
  - applyTo: HTTP_ROUTE
    match:
      context: SIDECAR_OUTBOUND
      routeConfiguration:
        vhost:
          name: "httpbin.testns1.svc.cluster.local:80"
    patch:
      operation: MERGE
      value:
        route:
          retry_policy:
            retry_back_off:
              base_interval: 4s
              max_interval: 5s
              retriable_status_codes:
                - 504
EOF
```

Send the HTTP request to http://httpbin.testns1.svc.cluster.local/status/504. The endpoint is supposed to return a status 504 response.

```bash
export NAMESPACE=testns1
export SLEEP_POD=$(kubectl get pod -l app=sleep -n $NAMESPACE -o jsonpath={.items..metadata.name})
kubectl exec "${SLEEP_POD}" -c sleep -n $NAMESPACE -- curl -sv  "http://httpbin.${NAMESPACE}.svc.cluster.local/status/504"
```

> You can check the access log for retries with 5s as the max retry interval.
> The retry interval is determined by the Envoy retries Algorithm described above.

Reviewer 3: It is better to reverse these two sentences and improve the context to sample access log.
```suggestion
The retry interval is determined by the Envoy retries Algorithm described above.
You can check the access log for retries with the max retry interval of 5 second as follows:
```

Author: @akitok 
Fixed.
